Hey master
Can I really order whatever wine is on this wine list?
Of course, a few bottles of wine are worth a few dollars
Drink whatever you want, I'll pay for it
Then I'm welcome.
I've heard that the owner of Xihe Restaurant is an expert.
There are a lot of good wines hidden
You guys probably have a private wine list, right?
Yes sir
It's just the boss's private collection of wine.
The prices are expensive
Most people can't accept much.
Can you
Okay, I've already said it.
It's hard to catch up
Did you hear that?
Today is our Gaoshao battlefield.
Bring me your secret wine list.
This is money grabbing
What kind of wine sells for 800,000?
That's right, Raymond Lam
We are all old classmates.
That's almost enough.
Don't deliberately make things difficult for Master Gao.
that is
If it weren't for Brother Jianxiang helping you in high school
Those three melons and two dates
Can there be today?
Are you embarrassed?
It's not up to you sycophants to decide.
Is Mr. Gao in trouble?
It's not a big deal. What's the point of this little money?
This is the 880,000
I'll have a bottle
Hey wait
One bottle is not enough
wind
You're taking it too far